Update to active JSON-RPC spec (#297)
ethereum/eth1.0-specs: README.md

## Description

> This repository contains various specification related to the Ethereum 1.0 chain, specifically the [pyspec](/src/eth1spec/spec.py), specifications for [network upgrades](/network-upgrades), and the [JSON-RPC API](https://github.com/ethereum/eth1.0-apis). 

Reviewer: Maybe we should reword this more? 
```suggestion
This repository contains the consensus specifications related to the Ethereum 1.0 chain, specifically the [pyspec](/src/eth1spec/spec.py) and specifications for [network upgrades](/network-upgrades). The [JSON-RPC API specification](https://github.com/ethereum/eth1.0-apis) can be found in a separate repository. 
```

WDYT?
